Deprecate the SDK (#61)
paypal/Checkout-NET-SDK: README.MD

﻿# Deprecation Notice:

> This SDK is deprecated. You can continue to use it, but no new features or support requests will be accepted. For alternatives, please visit the [REST APIs documentation on the PayPal Developer Portal](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/api/orders/v2/).

Reviewer: After some feedback from the docs team at PayPal, we've decided to go with:

```suggestion
This SDK is deprecated; you can continue to use it, but no new features or support requests will be accepted. A direct [REST API integration](https://developer.paypal.com/docs/api/orders/v2/). Review the [docs on authorization](https://developer.paypal.com/api/rest/authentication/) for authenticating requests with the REST API.
```
